<h3><a href="https://codeforces.com/contest/1574/problem/C" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Slay the Dragon</a></h3>

<div class="header"><div class="title">C. Slay the Dragon</div><div class="time-limit"><div class="property-title">time limit per test</div>2 seconds</div><div class="memory-limit"><div class="property-title">memory limit per test</div>256 megabytes</div><div class="input-file input-standard"><div class="property-title">input</div>standard input</div><div class="output-file output-standard"><div class="property-title">output</div>standard output</div></div><div><p>Recently, Petya learned about a new game "Slay the Dragon". As the name suggests, the player will have to fight with dragons. To defeat a dragon, you have to kill it and defend your castle. To do this, the player has a squad of $$$n$$$ heroes, the strength of the $$$i$$$-th hero is equal to $$$a_i$$$.</p><p>According to the rules of the game, exactly one hero should go kill the dragon, all the others will defend the castle. If the dragon's defense is equal to $$$x$$$, then you have to send a hero with a strength of at least $$$x$$$ to kill it. If the dragon's attack power is $$$y$$$, then the total strength of the heroes defending the castle should be at least $$$y$$$.</p><p>The player can increase the strength of any hero by $$$1$$$ for one gold coin. This operation can be done any number of times.</p><p>There are $$$m$$$ dragons in the game, the $$$i$$$-th of them has defense equal to $$$x_i$$$ and attack power equal to $$$y_i$$$. Petya was wondering what is the minimum number of coins he needs to spend to defeat the $$$i$$$-th dragon.</p><p>Note that the task is solved <span class="tex-font-style-bf">independently for each dragon</span> (improvements are not saved).</p></div><div class="input-specification"><div class="section-title">Input</div><p>The first line contains a single integer $$$n$$$ ($$$2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$$$) — number of heroes.</p><p>The second line contains $$$n$$$ integers $$$a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n$$$ ($$$1 \le a_i \le 10^{12}$$$), where $$$a_i$$$ is the strength of the $$$i$$$-th hero.</p><p>The third line contains a single integer $$$m$$$ ($$$1 \le m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$$$) — the number of dragons.</p><p>The next $$$m$$$ lines contain two integers each, $$$x_i$$$ and $$$y_i$$$ ($$$1 \le x_i \le 10^{12}; 1 \le y_i \le 10^{18}$$$) — defense and attack power of the $$$i$$$-th dragon.</p></div><div class="output-specification"><div class="section-title">Output</div><p>Print $$$m$$$ lines, $$$i$$$-th of which contains a single integer — the minimum number of coins that should be spent to defeat the $$$i$$$-th dragon.</p></div><div class="sample-tests"><div class="section-title">Example</div><div class="sample-test"><div class="input"><div class="title">Input<div title="Copy" data-clipboard-target="#id00807667219995473" id="id005610830207822" class="input-output-copier">Copy</div></div><pre id="id00807667219995473">4
3 6 2 3
5
3 12
7 9
4 14
1 10
8 7
</pre></div><div class="output"><div class="title">Output<div title="Copy" data-clipboard-target="#id005442925441139252" id="id00752213927169516" class="input-output-copier">Copy</div></div><pre id="id005442925441139252">1
2
4
0
2
</pre></div></div></div><div class="note"><div class="section-title">Note</div><p>To defeat the first dragon, you can increase the strength of the third hero by $$$1$$$, then the strength of the heroes will be equal to $$$[3, 6, 3, 3]$$$. To kill the dragon, you can choose the first hero.</p><p>To defeat the second dragon, you can increase the forces of the second and third heroes by $$$1$$$, then the strength of the heroes will be equal to $$$[3, 7, 3, 3]$$$. To kill the dragon, you can choose a second hero.</p><p>To defeat the third dragon, you can increase the strength of all the heroes by $$$1$$$, then the strength of the heroes will be equal to $$$[4, 7, 3, 4]$$$. To kill the dragon, you can choose a fourth hero.</p><p>To defeat the fourth dragon, you don't need to improve the heroes and choose a third hero to kill the dragon.</p><p>To defeat the fifth dragon, you can increase the strength of the second hero by $$$2$$$, then the strength of the heroes will be equal to $$$[3, 8, 2, 3]$$$. To kill the dragon, you can choose a second hero.</p></div>